add alb support, upgrade elb resources and documentation (#92)
C2Devel/terraform-provider-croccloud: website/docs/d/lb_target_group.md

layout: "aws"
page_title: "aws_lb_target_group"
description: |-
  Provides information about a target group.
---

# Data Source: aws_lb_target_group

Provides information about a target group.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "aws_lb_target_group" "selected" {
  name = "tg-name"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `arn` - (Optional) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the target group.
    * _ARN Format_: `arn:c2:elasticloadbalancing::<project-name>@<customer-name>:targetgroup/tg-12345678`

> * `name` - (Optional) The name of the target group.

Reviewer: tg name тоже required

Author: Тут такая же схема работы как у балансера.

~> **Note** When both `arn` and `name` are specified, `arn` takes precedence.

## Attribute Reference

### Supported attributes

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `health_check` - The health check configuration.
  The structure of this block is [described below](#health_check).

> * `id` - The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the target group.

Reviewer 2: Не ID?

Author: Нет, там действительно арн

* `port` - The port on which targets receive requests.
* `protocol` - The protocol that is used for routing traffic to the targets.

> * `protocol_version` - The version of HTTP protocol.

Reviewer 2: т.е. предыдущим параметром выбираем протокол и если это HTTP, то указываем версию?
может тогда так:
```suggestion
* `protocol_version` - The version of the protocol (only for HTTP).
```

Author: Это датасорс, тут `protocol_version` - это атрибут, значение которого мы получаем, а не указываем. Поменяла в ресурсе, удалил констрейнт с дублирующейся информацией

* `tags` - Map of tags assigned to the target group.
* `target_type` - The type of the target.
* `vpc_id` - The ID of the VPC.

### health_check

The `health_check` block has the following structure:

> * `enabled` - Indicates whether health check will be enabled.

Reviewer 2: это же датасорс, по идее атрибут уже задан
```suggestion
* `enabled` - Indicates whether health check is enabled.
```

* `healthy_threshold` - Number of consecutive successful health checks after which the target status changes to healthy.
* `interval` - The amount of time, in seconds, between health checks on an individual target.
* `matcher` - The HTTP code used to check the target availability.
* `path` - The destination for the health check request.
* `port` - The port used to perform health checks on targets.
* `protocol` - The protocol used to perform health checks on targets.

> * `timeout` - The amount of time, in seconds, during which no response means a failed health check.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `timeout` - The amount of time, in seconds, after which no response indicates a failed health check.
```
